# SamplerStompBox
Sampler Stomp Box Code
A foot controlled guitar sampler that allows a guitar player to record themselves playing. The guitar audio gets sampled through the MAX1169 16-bit resolution, 44.1kHz ADC and saved as a WAV file on a 32GB SD card. The ILI9341 LCD display shows all the files on the SD card and the user can scroll through all of them with a previous and next sample button. Our record button acts as a true bypass button that allows the guitar player to either record into our system or play their guitar audio straight to the amp. Then there is our playback button that selects whatever the current sample is shown on the lcd and it plays back the audio on the wav file and this audio is able to be mixed with live guitar audio. We also allow the user to remove our SD card with the wav files, put the sd card into their computer and do whatever audio processing they want to do on the files, put the sd card back in our system and use the updated audio

A foot controlled guitar sampler that allows a solo guitar player to record themselves playing. On the push of our Record button, the guitar's audio begins to be sampled by our MAX1169 Analog-to-Digital Converter(ADC). The ADC samples the guitar signal at 44.1kHz 16-bit resolution. This information is retrieved via I2C. The digital guitar signal data is then saved into a created WAV file that lives on a 32GB SD card. On the next press of our Record button, our system stops sampling the guitar data, the proper WAV file header is written based on the amount of data saved to the file, and the file is closed and created. All of the WAV files present on the SD card can be shown on the ILI9341 LCD display. The display shows the currently selected file as well as the next file in order. The user can either scroll forward or backwards through the SD card files using the Next Sample Scroll or Previous Sample Scroll buttons. When the user wants to play back a file, they scroll so that file is the "Current Sample" on the display and they press the Playback button. Once pressed, the selected WAV file has its audio data sent through the DAC8563 Digital-to-Analog Converter(DAC) via SPI. This analog data is sent to an audio mixer which combines live guitar audio with the recorded audio giving the player the dual guitar sound they are looking for that they can't get by themselves. Our record button acts as a true bypass that alows the guitar player to either send their guitar audio to our system to be recorded or to bypass our system, sending the audio straight through the mixer and to the amp. 
